Move cart queries to an API endpoint (#1041)
Shopify/hydrogen: docs/components/cartprovider.md

The `CartProvider` component must be a descendent of the `ShopifyProvider` component.
You must use this component if you want to use the `useCart` hook or related hooks, or if you would like to use the `AddToCartButton` component.

> In order to use `CartProvider`, you should have a local API endpoint which responds to cart events:
> 
> ```tsx
> // src/routes/cart.server.js
> 
> export async function api(request, {queryShop}) {
>   const data = await request.json();
> 
>   switch (data._action) {
>     case 'getCart':
>       return getCart(data, queryShop);
>     case 'cartCreate':
>       return createCart(data, queryShop);
>     case 'addLineItem':
>       return addLineItem(data, queryShop);
>     case 'removeLineItem':
>       return removeLineItem(data, queryShop);
>     case 'updateLineItem':
>       return updateLineItem(data, queryShop);
>     case 'updateNote':
>       return updateNote(data, queryShop);
>     case 'updateBuyerIdentity':
>       return updateBuyerIdentity(data, queryShop);
>     case 'updateCartAttributes':
>       return updateCartAttributes(data, queryShop);
>     case 'updateDiscountCodes':
>       return updateDiscountCodes(data, queryShop);
>     default:
>       return new Response('Invalid action', {status: 400});
>   }
> 
>   // ...
> }
> ```
> 
> [See the full reference](https://github.com/Shopify/hydrogen/blob/main/examples/template-hydrogen-default/src/routes/cart.server.js) to model your local API endpoint.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
## Local API endpoint

To use `CartProvider`, you need to have a local API endpoint that responds to cart events. To model your local API endpoint, refer to the [`cart.server.js` file in the Demo Store template](https://github.com/Shopify/hydrogen/blob/main/examples/template-hydrogen-default/src/routes/cart.server.js).

{% codeblock file, filename: 'src/routes/cart.server.js' %}

```tsx
export async function api(request, {queryShop}) {
  const data = await request.json();
  switch (data._action) {
    case 'getCart':
      return getCart(data, queryShop);
    case 'cartCreate':
      return createCart(data, queryShop);
    case 'addLineItem':
      return addLineItem(data, queryShop);
    case 'removeLineItem':
      return removeLineItem(data, queryShop);
    case 'updateLineItem':
      return updateLineItem(data, queryShop);
    case 'updateNote':
      return updateNote(data, queryShop);
    case 'updateBuyerIdentity':
      return updateBuyerIdentity(data, queryShop);
    case 'updateCartAttributes':
      return updateCartAttributes(data, queryShop);
    case 'updateDiscountCodes':
      return updateDiscountCodes(data, queryShop);
    default:
      return new Response('Invalid action', {status: 400});
  }
  // ...
}
```

{% endcodeblock %}
````

Reviewer: @jplhomer Instead of placing this content here, it might be best to situate this content right after the "Example code" section below. That way, devs will see the endpoint reference in the first example, and get the full context for how that works in the second section.
